Prepare 2.12.6 release (#1404)
intersystems-community/vscode-objectscript: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## [2.12.6] 23-Jul-2024
- Enhancements

>   - Support command stepping in debugger (#1385)

Reviewer: Maybe mention what version of server platform this feature requires.

  - Add `Compile` command to server-side file explorer (#1389)
  - Associate unit test debug sessions with the test runs (#1395)
  - Add command for opening InterSystems documents (#1398)

>   - Set file readonly if class is deployed or if server-side source control reports it not editable (off by default) (#1399)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Always make isfs document readonly if class is deployed. Support `objectscript.serverSourceControl.respectEditableStatus` setting to make it readonly if server-side source control reports it not editable. (#1399)
```

## [2.12.6] 23-Jul-2024
- Enhancements
  - Support command stepping in debugger (requires InterSystems IRIS 2023.1.5, 2024.1.1+, or 2024.2+) (#1385)
  - Add `Compile` command to server-side file explorer (#1389)
  - Associate unit test debug sessions with the test runs (#1395)
  - Add command for opening InterSystems documents (#1398)
  - Make server-side class readonly if it's deployed (#1399)

>   - Add new `objectscript.serverSourceControl.respectEditableStatus` setting to make server-side file readonly if source control reports it i not editable (#1399)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add new `objectscript.serverSourceControl.respectEditableStatus` setting to make server-side file readonly if source control reports it is not editable (#1399)
```
